at the United Nations foreign ministers
from an Arab Islamic block of countries
with the aim not just of extending the
ceas fire but ending the war Al together
so we are here to make a clear statement
that a truce is not enough what is
needed is a
ceasefire what is needed is a credible
peace and a peace that lasts and that
allows the Palestinians and the Israelis
to live side by side in two states
anything else will result in continuing
crisis in the region the UN Secretary
General began the meeting by saying that
while the aid entering Gaza has
increased during the current pause and
hostilities it is not nearly enough
intense negotiations are taking place to
prolong the truce which we strongly
welcome but we believe we need a true
humanitarian
ceasefire has been a key player in the
negotiations to end the fighting we hope
that the progress made will underpin
efforts to put an end to the Bloodshed
and Lead ultimately to Serious
discussions that would relaunch a
political process to put an end to the
suffering and realize the aspirations of
the Palestinian people the United States
Israel's most loyal Ally in the UN
continues to call for a longer pause but
not a full end to Israel's bombardment
of Gaza we want to see this humanitarian
pause extended Israel has been very
clear that it is prepared to continue
the pause in fighting for every day that
Hamas releases an additional 10 hostages
the ball is now in hamas's court here in
the halls of the United Nations it's
clear that the pause and fighting was
welcomed but now worry that it was only
temporary and that if or when Israel
decides to resume its bombardment of
Gaza it will likely mean that more
innocent civilians are killed and a
setback in diplomatic efforts Gabriel
oando Al jazer at the United Nations in
New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer